---
layout: post
title: "Weeks 5 & 6"
date: 2016-10-02
---

# Status Report for Weeks 5 & 6

The past two weeks were spent refining our project's work roles and flow diagram, describing interactions with Hierarchical Task Analysis (HTA), and creating sketches and wireframes for the temporary work app. We created the sketches by considering a persona who may use our system, making individual sketches using "design thinking" of what we believed would provide that persona the best user experience, and then we combined our thoughts into a final sketch. Finally, the group sketch was refined into a wireframe.

We also made sketches for the Case Study taxi service.

## What We Did

### Meetings

9-25-2016:

- Finalized Sketches for Case Study (5 min)
- Refined Project Work Roles and Workflow Diagram (15 min)
- Created 5 HTAs (40 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (60 min)
- Brandon (60 min)
- Byron (60 min)
- Joshua (60 min)
- Daniel (60 min)

10-02-2016:

- Case Study Assignment Dropped and Will No Longer Be Worked On
- Documented Persona Created During Class (10 min)
- Show-and-telled our Individual Sketches & Storyboards and Constructed Final Group Sketch (45 min)
- Created Wireframes (35 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (90 min)
- Brandon (90 min)
- Joshua (90 min)
- Daniel (90 min)
- Byron (90 min)

---

Meeting Agendas

- Bill (5 min) (9-25-2016)
- Bill (5 min) (10-02-2016)

Meeting Summaries

- Bill (5 min) (9-25-2016)
- Bill (5 min) (10-02-2016)

Polish & Submit Deliverables

- Bill (30 min) (9-25-2016)
- Bill (30 min) (10-02-2016)

### Project

HTA's

- Byron (10 min) (9-25-2016)
- Bill (10 min) (9-25-2016)
- Brandon (10 min) (9-25-2016)

Individual Sketches & Storyboards

- Bill (30 min) (10-2-2016)
- Byron (20 min) (10-2-2016)
- Joshua (20 min) (10-2-2016)
- Daniel (20 min) (10-2-2016)

Write Blog Post

- Brandon (45 min) (10-02-2016)

## What We’re Doing

Currently Nothing

## What We Will Do

### Project

- Project Cognitive Walkthrough (No Est. Yet)
- Detailed Design (No Est. Yet)
- At some point, we will need to set up a development environment to prototype our app (No Est. Yet)

### Case Study

N/A

## Issues & Potential Risks

Our team has reached the performing stage of development and all issues have been resolved. It is possible that we will disagree on the technology chosen for prototyping, but that is not something that we are anticipating will drastically affect our progress.

## Metrics

Time Spent on Case Study (Outside of Class):

- Bill (5 min)
- Brandon (5 min)
- Byron (5 min)
- Joshua (5 min)
- Daniel (5 min)

Total These Two Weeks: 30 min  
Running Total: 710 min (11 hrs, 50 mins)

Time Spent on Project:

- Bill: 205 min
- Brandon: 200 min
- Byron: 165 min
- Joshua: 165 min
- Daniel: 165 min

Total These Two Weeks: 900 min (15 hrs)  
Running Total: 2230 min (37 hrs, 10 min)
